Away with your weapon!
I mean you no harm.
I am wondering - why are you here?
Found someone you have, I would say hmmm!
Help you, I can.
Wars not make one great!
How you get so big eating food of this kind?
Mine!
Or I will help you not.
My home this is!
Stay and help you I will.
Take you to him I will.
For the Jedi it is time to eat as well.
Soon you will be with him.
Why wish you become Jedi?
Powerful Jedi was he, powerful Jedi.
I cannot teach him.
The boy has no patience.
Much anger in him - like his father.
Ready are you?
What know you of ready?
For eight hundred years have I trained Jedi.
My own counsel will I keep on who is to be trained.
A Jedi must have the deepest commitment, the most serious mind.
This one a long time have I watched.
All his life has he looked away to the future to the horizon.
Never his mind on where he was!
A Jedi craves not these things.
You are reckless!
He is too old.
Yes, too old to begin the training.
Will he finished what he begins?
Oh, you will be.
You will be.
A Jedi's strength flows from the Force.
But beware of the dark side.
The dark side of the Force are they.
Easily they flow quick to join you in a fight.
If once you start down the dark path, forever will it dominate your destiny; consume you it will, as it did Obi-Wan's apprentice.
You will know.
When you are calm, at peace.
A Jedi uses the Force for knowledge and defense, never for attack.
Nothing more will I teach you today.
Clear your mind of questions.
A domain of evil it is.
In you must go.
So certain, are you?
Always with you it cannot be done.
Hear you nothing that I say?
You must unlearn what you have learned.
Try not.
Do, or do not.
There is no try.
Size matters not.
Look at me.
Judge me by my size, do you?
And well you should not.
For my ally in the Force.
And a powerful ally it is!
Life creates it, makes it grow.
Its energy surrounds us and binds us.
Luminous beings are we, not this crude matter.
You must feel the Force around you.
Yes, even between this land and that ship.
That is why you fail.
To Obi-Wan you listen!
Remember your failure at the cave!
Stopped they must be.
On this all depends.
Only a fully trained Jedi Knight with the Force as his ally will conquer Vader and his Emperor.
If you end your training now, if you choose the quick and easy path as Vader did, you will become an agent of evil.
Strong is Vader.
Mind what you have learned.
Save you it can!
Told you I did.
Reckless is he!
Now matters are worse.
There is another.
That face you make.
Look I so old to young eyes?
Sick have I become.
When nine hundred years old you reach, look as good you will not!
Hmm?
Soon will I rest.
Earned it I have.
Strong am I with the Force, but not that strong.
Twilight is upon me and soon night must fall.
That is the way of things, the way of the Force.
No more training do you require.
Already know you that which you need.
Your father he is.
Told you did he?
Unexpected this is, and unfortunate.
Unfortunate that you rushed to face him, that incomplete was your training!
Not ready for the burden were you!
Remember a Jedi's strength flows from the Force.
The dark side are they.
Once you start down the dark, path forever will it dominate your destiny.
Do not underestimate the powers of the Emperor, or suffer your father's fate you will.
Luke, when gone am I, the last of the Jedi will you be.
The very Republic is threatened if involved the Sith are.
Hard to see the dark side is.
Discover who this assassin is, we must.
With this Naboo queen you must stay.
May the Force be with you.
Master Qui-Gon, more to say have you?
A vergence, you say?
But you do!
Revealed your opinion is.
Trained as a Jedi, you request for him?
Tested he will be.
How feel you?
Afraid, are you?
See through you we can.
Afraid to lose her, I think.
Fear is the path to the dark side.
Fear leads to anger, anger leads to hate, hate leads to suffering.
A Jedi must have the deepest commitment, the most serious mind.
I sense much fear in you.
Then continue we will.
Correct you were Qui-Gon.
Clouded this boy's future is.
Masked by his youth.
An apprentice you have Qui-Gon.
Impossible to take on a second.
Ready so early are you?
What know you of ready.
Our own council we will keep on who is ready.
More to learn he has.
Train him not.
Take him with you, but train him not.
May the Force be with you.
Confer on you the level of Jedi Knight the Coucil does.
But agree on you taking this boy as your Padawan learner, I do not!
The Chosen One the boy may be; nevertheless grave danger I fear in his training.
Qui-Gon's defiance I sense in you.
Need that you do not.
Agree the council does.
Your apprentice young Skywalker will be.
Always two there are, no more, no less.
A master and an apprentice.
Worse than war I fear.
Impossible to see.
The Dark Side clouds everything.
But this I am sure of: do their duty the Jedi will.
With you the force is strong, young Senator.
To see you alive brings warm feelings to my heart.
In dark times nothing is what it appears to be, but the fact remains Senator, in grave danger you are.
Too little about yourself you worry Senator, and too much about politics.
Be mindful of your danger.
Masking the future is this disturbance in the force.
And only those who have turned to the Dark Side can sense the possibilities of the future.
Only going through the Dark Side can we see.
Out there they are.
A certainty that is.
Be as one with the Force.
Help you, it will.
A visitor we have.
What help to you can I be?
Find it we will try.
Gravity's silhouette remains, but the star and all its planets have disappeared.
How can this be?
Truly wonderful the mind of a child is.
To the center of the pull of gravity go, and find your planet you will.
Much harder to answer that question is.
The Council is confident in this decision Obi-Wan.
Who he is working for, discover that you must.
Inform the chancellor of this, we must.
With the forename Darth, a Sith he must be.
Perhaps too many pieces are missing from this puzzle there are.
More battalions to the left!
Encircle them we must, then divide.
No interest in contests do I have.
The end for you Count, this is.
A defeat it was.
Yourself you speak of, or someone you know?
Careful you must be when sensing the future, Anakin.
The fear of loss is a path to the dark side.
Death is a natural part of life.
Rejoice for those around you who transform into the Force.
Mourn them do not, miss them do not.
Attachment leads to jealousy.
The shadow of greed, that is.
Train yourself to let go of everything you fear to lose.
Allow this appointment lightly, the Council does not.
Disturbing is this move by Chancellor Palpatine.
Hiding in the Outer Rim, Grievous is.
The outlying systems you must sweep.
Master Kenobi, our spies contact you must, and then wait.
Go, I will.
Good relations with the Wookiees, I have.
Too much under the sway of the Chancellor, he is.
Much anger there is in him.
Too much pride in his powers.
A prophecy that misread could have been.
Act on this, we must.
The capture of General Grievous will end this war.
Quickly and decisively we should proceed.
A Master is needed, with more experience.
Obi-Wan, my choice is.
Then now the time is, Commander.
To a dark place this line of thought will carry us.
Great care we must take.
Master Kenobi, dark times are these.
Good to see you, it is.
Heard from no one, have we.
Received a coded retreat message we have.
Suggest dismantling the coded signal, do you?
In a dark place we find ourselves.
A little more knowledge might light our way.
If a special session of Congress there is, easier for us to enter the Jedi Temple it will be.
Dismantle the coded signal quickly!
That group back there, soon discovered will be.
Killed not by clones this Padawan; by a lightsaber he was.
For the Clones to discover the recalibration, a long time it will take.
If into the security recordings you go, only pain will you find.
Destroy the Sith, we must.
To fight this Lord Sidious, strong enough you are not.
Twisted by the dark side, young Skywalker has become.
The boy you trained, gone he is; consumed by Darth Vader.
To question, no time there is.
Use your feelings Obi-Wan and find him, you will.
Surprised, are you?
Not if anything to say about it, I have!
At an end your rule is, and not short enough it was.
If so powerful you are, why run?
Faith in your new apprentice misplaced may be; as is your faith in the dark side of the Force.
Hurry!
Careful timing we will need.
Into exile I must go.
Failed I have.
Hidden, safe, the children must be kept.
Split up, they should be.
To his family send him.
In your solitude on Tatooine, training I have for you.
